com/example/quizap/model/QuestionDisplayModel.java
 com.example.quizap.model.QuestionDisplayModel
com/example/quizap/StudentInstruction.java
 com.example.quizap.StudentInstruction
 com.example.quizap.StudentInstruction$1
 com.example.quizap.StudentInstruction$2
 com.example.quizap.StudentInstruction$3
 com.example.quizap.StudentInstruction$4
 com.example.quizap.StudentInstruction$5
 com.example.quizap.StudentInstruction$6
 com.example.quizap.StudentInstruction$7
com/example/quizap/Faculty.java
 com.example.quizap.Faculty
 com.example.quizap.Faculty$1
com/example/quizap/databinding/ActivityFacultyBinding.java
 com.example.quizap.databinding.ActivityFacultyBinding
com/example/quizap/model/QuizListModel.java
 com.example.quizap.model.QuizListModel
com/example/quizap/databinding/ActivityCreateQuiz2Binding.java
 com.example.quizap.databinding.ActivityCreateQuiz2Binding
com/example/quizap/BaseActivity.java
 com.example.quizap.BaseActivity
com/example/quizap/Student.java
 com.example.quizap.Student
 com.example.quizap.Student$1
com/example/quizap/databinding/QuestionlayoutBinding.java
 com.example.quizap.databinding.QuestionlayoutBinding
com/example/quizap/Score.java
 com.example.quizap.Score
 com.example.quizap.Score$1
com/example/quizap/databinding/ActivityStudentInstructionBinding.java
 com.example.quizap.databinding.ActivityStudentInstructionBinding
com/example/quizap/CreateQuiz.java
 com.example.quizap.CreateQuiz
 com.example.quizap.CreateQuiz$1
 com.example.quizap.CreateQuiz$2
com/example/quizap/Adapter/Myadapter.java
 com.example.quizap.Adapter.Myadapter
 com.example.quizap.Adapter.Myadapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/quizap/QuizDetail.java
 com.example.quizap.QuizDetail
 com.example.quizap.QuizDetail$1
 com.example.quizap.QuizDetail$2
 com.example.quizap.QuizDetail$3
 com.example.quizap.QuizDetail$4
com/example/quizap/CreateQuiz2.java
 com.example.quizap.CreateQuiz2
 com.example.quizap.CreateQuiz2$1
 com.example.quizap.CreateQuiz2$2
 com.example.quizap.CreateQuiz2$3
 com.example.quizap.CreateQuiz2$4
 com.example.quizap.CreateQuiz2$5
 com.example.quizap.CreateQuiz2$6
 com.example.quizap.CreateQuiz2$7
 com.example.quizap.CreateQuiz2$7$1
 com.example.quizap.CreateQuiz2$8
 com.example.quizap.CreateQuiz2$9
com/example/quizap/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.quizap.BuildConfig
com/example/quizap/databinding/ActivityQuizDetailBinding.java
 com.example.quizap.databinding.ActivityQuizDetailBinding
com/example/quizap/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.quizap.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/quizap/TimePickerFragment.java
 com.example.quizap.TimePickerFragment
com/example/quizap/databinding/ActivityLogInBinding.java
 com.example.quizap.databinding.ActivityLogInBinding
com/example/quizap/databinding/ActivityRegistrationFormBinding.java
 com.example.quizap.databinding.ActivityRegistrationFormBinding
com/example/quizap/databinding/ActivityStudentBinding.java
 com.example.quizap.databinding.ActivityStudentBinding
com/example/quizap/Adapter/QuizListAdapter.java
 com.example.quizap.Adapter.QuizListAdapter
 com.example.quizap.Adapter.QuizListAdapter$QuizListHolder
com/example/quizap/MainActivity.java
 com.example.quizap.MainActivity
 com.example.quizap.MainActivity$1
 com.example.quizap.MainActivity$10
 com.example.quizap.MainActivity$2
 com.example.quizap.MainActivity$3
 com.example.quizap.MainActivity$4
 com.example.quizap.MainActivity$5
 com.example.quizap.MainActivity$6
 com.example.quizap.MainActivity$7
 com.example.quizap.MainActivity$8
 com.example.quizap.MainActivity$9
com/example/quizap/databinding/ActivitySignInBinding.java
 com.example.quizap.databinding.ActivitySignInBinding
com/example/quizap/SignIn.java
 com.example.quizap.SignIn
 com.example.quizap.SignIn$1
com/example/quizap/databinding/ActivityScoreBinding.java
 com.example.quizap.databinding.ActivityScoreBinding
com/example/quizap/databinding/ActivityCreateQuizBinding.java
 com.example.quizap.databinding.ActivityCreateQuizBinding
com/example/quizap/databinding/QuizlistBinding.java
 com.example.quizap.databinding.QuizlistBinding
com/example/quizap/DatePickerFragment.java
 com.example.quizap.DatePickerFragment
com/example/quizap/model/QuestionModel.java
 com.example.quizap.model.QuestionModel
com/example/quizap/databinding/QuizAttemptLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.quizap.databinding.QuizAttemptLayoutBinding
com/example/quizap/MyApp.java
 com.example.quizap.MyApp
com/example/quizap/LogIn.java
 com.example.quizap.LogIn
 com.example.quizap.LogIn$1
 com.example.quizap.LogIn$1$1
 com.example.quizap.LogIn$1$1$1
 com.example.quizap.LogIn$2
com/example/quizap/databinding/FacultyCustomToolbarBinding.java
 com.example.quizap.databinding.FacultyCustomToolbarBinding
com/example/quizap/RegistrationForm.java
 com.example.quizap.RegistrationForm
 com.example.quizap.RegistrationForm$1
 com.example.quizap.RegistrationForm$2
 com.example.quizap.RegistrationForm$3
 com.example.quizap.RegistrationForm$3$1
 com.example.quizap.RegistrationForm$3$2
